[AUDIO LOGO]
[THEME MUSIC]
>>EMERY SMITH: Today on "Cosmic
Disclosure," we are with Tim,
who is speaking with
us from Germany.
Tim is a tactical advisor in
the covert governance in Germany
that relates to
extraterrestrial life.
Tim, welcome to the show.
>>TIM: Thank you for having me.
>>EMERY: Now, Tim,
you really got
to explain to me, what
is a Trogdaborian.
>>TIM: We're talking
about a specific frog race
that, for the first
time, I came across when
I was doing the projects and
was working with the Greys
because they pushed me to meet
these beings, which I was not
ready for at that time because
all the stress and trauma
that was introduced to
me through the projects.
The last thing I wanted
to do at that moment
was to be thrown
into something new.
>>EMERY: Describe for me,
Tim, as best as you can,
what does a
Trogdaborian look like?
>>TIM: I've never met them.
I've only been
informed about them.
So a Trogdaborian is-- they
are actually much more related
to a frog race.
So, basically, they have all
those features that a frog has,
much smaller than an average
human but much bigger
than a typical frog that
appears on this planet.
But they actually evolved
from, well, a frog species.
So they are also bipedal,
again, which is kind of curious
because who would assume that
a frog actually finds a way
to stand up and take a walk?
But that's actually
what they do.
They also live in
a red star planet.
Their home planet is actually
oriented around this red star.
And these are the information
that I've been informed about.
>>EMERY: So they are somewhere
between a human and a frog.
Can you be a little bit
more specific about that?
>>TIM: Basically,
their height is about--
so from what I've read,
they're a little bit taller
than a typical Grey.
So we're talking about,
I don't know, 1 meter
and 60 centimeters in that case.
But, again, this is much
bigger than any frog
race that occurs on Earth.
>>EMERY: What are they like?
And where do they live?
>>TIM: Again, they originated
in a red star system.
But they are one of the oldest
known races that actually
inhabits this universe.
So they are also one of
the original native races.
And, again, if we're talking
about the different timelines
that appeared 15,000
years ago, they
were one of those observers
that actually started life
in the universe in the
way that we know it today.
>>EMERY: Why were you
introduced to them, Tim?
And what was the
significance of that?
>>TIM: So the
significance of them
is that they are highly
evolved beings in that manner.
They also are extremely
advanced technologically-wise
because their lifespan is almost
a million years per individual.
So they live very long
lives in that manner.
And they also can take
this time in order
to build and create and
learn much more efficient
than a human who only lives for,
I don't know, 80 years, maybe.
>>EMERY: You say they
live in a red star system.
Where is that in relation to us?
>>TIM: So that's the system
that they originated in.
But they actually are
one of those races that
are capable of creating Dyson
spheres, which are planets
that form around a sun.
And you can imagine
the size of a sun.
So the planet that they inhabit
is actually a mobile planet,
which is interesting.
So they use this
home planet in order
to move around the universe
in a very efficient way
because they are constantly
carrying their own energy
source within their own planet.
>>EMERY: So while
they resemble a frog,
they are actually
land-based beings, right?
>>TIM: What I've learned
is that they evolved
from what we potentially
most likely know
as tree frogs in that way.
So they're land frogs.
And their whole planet is
actually artificially created
by themselves.
So they have an artificial
planet, gigantic in size,
that they use in order to
maneuver around the universe.
But they also
appear and are very
interested in the situation
that occurs on Earth.
So they have certain
ships that actually
are based around the planet.
>>EMERY: So a being who can
live up to a million years
and is so technologically
advanced that they can create
planetary systems, now, Tim,
what possible interest could
they have here with Earth?
>>TIM: What I've been
informed-- again,
I've not met them
because I felt I was not
ready for that, which might
be different today, I guess,
because I find it more
and more interesting
the more I think about it.
They seem to be one of
the first species, one
of those primal species,
very pure in genetic,
again, if you want to think
about that, who actually
explore space and time.
They actually saw the universe
as an opportunity in order
to place life forms and genetic
material on different spots
in the universe and what has
been documented as that they
have done so, for
example, in order
to place their own genetic
material on Earth as well.
>>EMERY: And what earthly
manifestation have they
placed their genetic material?
>>TIM: So what they
found is that they
had an interest in raising
life forms on different planets
that they found in their
version of the solar system.
So they basically
planted and helped
to evolve the primal species
that actually went to Earth.
And we talked about that.
They helped them to evolve
into a more complex land life
form, which, ultimately
through conflicts
and genetic manipulation
through other species,
resulted in being Homo sapiens.
>>EMERY: What would
the relationship
between an ancient
species like the frog race
be with the Greys or the
other ancient species?
>>TIM: Yeah, that's
actually the first time
where I've came across that
species back in the project.
So I was basically
doing this contact work.
And I was introduced to the
existence of these beings
through a Grey
who actually asked
me to be introduced to
this species, to meet them,
and to help generate
kind of a triangular
relationship between humans,
Greys, and Trogdaborians.
>>EMERY: If the Greys are in
contact with the Trogdaborians
and the Greys existed
before the universe,
they are millions, perhaps
billions of years old.
What was their interest
to integrate you
into the conversation who has
a lifespan of 80-plus years,
perhaps?
>>TIM: Yeah, I don't want to be
determined about my lifespan.
But, well, the
Greys are actually
interested in setting up a
system of warriorlike creatures
or species.
That's what they called
the Order of the First,
or this is at least the
English translation that I
put to the German equivalent.
So the Order of the First
is actually a conglomerate
of warrior-type species that
all come together in order
to defend the overall
evolution of the universe
in a harmony creating way.
So the idea of the
Greys was bringing me
into contact with
the species and then
having me translating or
giving those information just
in the same way that it did
with the Greys to my group
and through that to this
advanced military governmental
system.
>>EMERY: It's so hard to imagine
extraterrestrial races, so
ancient and advanced, needing
humans as a warrior race
when their technology is so
advanced beyond comprehension.
Why do they need us, Tim?
>>TIM: These beings
are super smart.
And they also overlook
possibilities and probabilities
and time.
And the human species is a very
rough and warriorlike species.
So they might not be able to
cause intense harm right now.
But if they would not be
integrated in a bigger
organization, they could
be causing problems
over a certain amount of time.
So if you think, I don't
know, 120 million years later
or something, if you do
not integrate humans,
they might evolve into a
malevolent species that
could definitely harm the
system in a significant way.
So that's actually the
thought of the Greys
but also the
Trogdaborians in order
to get in contact
with all these species
and to guide them and teach them
but also have an eye on them
in some way because,
again, we need
to resolve these issues
that we have with conflicts.
And it's much better
to keep people
close to a superior system
and to teach them some way
how to integrate
into that system
than just let them roam free.
>>EMERY: Throughout
human history,
if they were one of the original
races that perhaps contributed
to our DNA, where else
have we seen and known
their influences?
>>TIM: I've actually
not seen their presence
in any kind of way on
this planet right now.
The only thing that
I know is that they
are in contact with certain
groups on this planet,
and that they keep
an eye on the shift
and the evolution
of the human species
and also being connected to
the military nature of what's
going on in order to bring
them to a benevolent status.
First of all, they are
aware of humans for, well,
all the linear
time that we have.
So they are also always
watching what's happening.
And they are in contact, at
least for the last few years,
with certain people on
this planet and especially
the military.
I assume that if there
was no contact before me,
there was definitely
contact after me.
The only difference
I see is that it
would be of interest
for the Greys
in order to choose me to get in
contact with the Trogdaborians
because then the
Greys would have
this triangle of
communication and, more
or less, a direct
form of communication
with those beings.
And I'm also aware that after
me, the Greys definitely
had conversations and diplomatic
contact with the Trogdaborians.
So yeah, that
definitely happened too.
>>EMERY: Again, it's
hard for me to comprehend
why these highly advanced
beings like the Greys
would seek a more primitive
group like the humans
to be the intermediary
between them and the frogs.
How could you make us
understand that better?
>>TIM: It's not about
the intermediary.
It's more about this
triangular relationship
that they wanted to establish.
We talked about the
opposing different versions
and realities.
So if you think about a moment
outside of the 15,000-year span
and outside of linear time,
then you have a reality field
of the Greys that is in
interaction with the Earth,
giving them genetic material
and also trying to get some
material from the Earth
into their system.
But you also have
Trogdaborians who
are completely separated
in that moment from Earth.
So at that moment, those
two very advanced species
do not even know
from each other.
So it's only about
the middle way
that when linear time
comes into existence,
that you have the
species itself that
combines those two realities.
And if you're inside of
time, inside of linearity,
then you suddenly
have a time string
where Trogdaborians and Greys
are also both interacting
with the same reality.
But still, the question, why
would the Earth matter to them,
I would say thinking that only
because you're less advanced
and have less technology than
other species, that's a pretty
human thinking, I guess.
So I don't think that very
hyper intelligent beings value
a species by their
amount of technology
or by their intelligence.
It's more about that they value
species for their potential,
for their evolutionary
potential.
And surface Earth
humans have one
of the highest evolutionary
potentials of all species
out there.
>>EMERY: Why is that?
>>TIM: Because there's
so much chaos going on.
And chaos creates
opportunities and learnings.
We have seen that all
these species are putting
their own genetic material
on this planet in order
to evolve them in
this atmosphere.
So all these beings
are actually part
of a timeline where
there's so much stress, so
much coordination necessary.
And once Earth humans
have overcome this chaos
and these challenges--
it's just like a muscle.
If you train it, you
need to stress it.
At least if you think
about 3D realities,
there are other ways to do that.
But if you think
about this linearity,
then stress means
adaptation, and adaptation
means evolvement.
And that's the reason
why humans are so valued.
>>EMERY: Tim, you just
mentioned 3D reality.
And you describe
the Trogdaborians
in a physical vessel
or a physical reality.
What realm do they live in?
>>TIM: They exist
in a 3D manner.
It's just that their
evolutionary path
as any other species
as well comes
from a plane of existence that
is much higher than the 3D
realm.
So humans as well, we all come
from one source, one creator.
And this creator layers
down its consciousness
until we have a 3D
form in that way.
Only because humans usually
don't remember that,
it doesn't mean that they
are only a level three
consciousness.
And their higher self, they are
level six consciousness just as
any other being as well.
>>EMERY: So a soul
that has lived
in the vessel of a frog being
with a life of a million years
with experiences
and capabilities
beyond human imagination,
and that soul's
now incarnating with
a human form in life,
what would that look like?
>>TIM: That's very theoretical.
But imagine if we have
an incarnation system,
then usually, cells do not
remember their previous lives.
If you're using some
kind of technology
in order to stream your
consciousness into a body that
might look human
but is actually not,
then you still have
your whole treasure
of experiences from
your other existence
because that also
parallelly exists.
I would say that both worlds
are so different to each other
in all their--
the way that I've
read about them
is that their whole society
is very exotic and very
different to what we
experience as humans.
So I don't think that I
could give an answer to what
a life of a frog experiencing
human life would be, actually.
He would be pretty
much confused, I guess.
But this Earth itself, it has
all its own streams of reality.
So people that are
born into reality,
they are educated on
certain realities.
They are educated on
being certain individuals.
And that also means
that the likeness
of losing your identity,
your previous identity
is pretty high.
But, again, if you're
coming from a realm
where you're pretty
much integrated,
then you will remember
after quite some time.
You will feel alien
to this world.
You will maybe even have
certain special skills,
like psionic skills,
telepathy, or something,
where you will
constantly be reminded
of your presence in
these other worlds
because they are so much
anchored into your self.
Again, you could,
at any time, decide
to not identify yourself
with the previous version
of yourself and become human.
But then your previous timeline
and your previous existence
would be just vanished.
>>EMERY: What else
have you learned
about the Trogdaborian
society and life?
>>TIM: So we're going to talk
about the Council of Seven.
And the Trogdaborians
are actually
members of this
Council of Seven.
And they are also bringing
species together in order
to communicate with them.
This is what I've learned.
This is what I've read.
So there are active meetings
between different species
that the Trogdaborians
also attend.
So this is quite
interesting to me.
>>EMERY: Who are the
Council of Seven?
And where do the
Trogdaborians fit into that?
>>TIM: So the Council
of Seven actually
is a life form on level
seven consciousness.
So it's the only
life form that we
know that has ever reached
level seven consciousness.
And level seven consciousness
is actually-- well,
it's the godlike
nature of everything.
So it's within everyone
and within everything
that we experience.
On this realm, planets
are actually life forms.
So Saturn is the representation
of the Council of Seven
in the solar system.
So we're talking about a very,
very, very high dimension
of consciousness and reality.
But they reach down to
level three consciousness
through this council.
And the Council of Andromeda
are the actual representatives
of this Council of Seven.
And this is the way
that they communicated
to humans and to other species
in order to bring them together
and to solve those
paradoxes that
are so heavily on this reality,
like, for example, the warrior
nation, the warrior type, the
warrior issues that we have.
>>EMERY: What is the
current influence
of the Trogdaborians with Earth
at this time of our existence?
>>TIM: As far as I'm informed,
the Trogdaborians actually
have, on the north
side of this planet,
their own temporary
life environment, a ship
or something.
And they are actually observing
what's going on this planet
right now because they
have an interest in seeing
a stable timeline
happening on this planet.
And through that, there is
a communication between them
and different other
groups on this planet
in order to exchange
strategic information.
But I'm well aware that
the Trogdaborians are also,
as outsiders,
influencing or keeping
an eye on the societal evolution
that's currently happening.
>>EMERY: Especially
during this time on Earth,
with all the rife going
on, do the Trogdaborians
have a mindset to get involved
with that and intervene?
Or are they just
merely an observer?
>>TIM: Again, I've never
talked to them specifically,
but I've talked to people.
And what those people from
the military have told
me is that there's some
kind of pressure coming
from the Trogdaborians
that they are
pushing towards
a more integrated
societal aspect of Earth.
So there seems to
be not a pass--
it doesn't seem to be a
passive overseeing of things
but more of a pushing towards
a more proactive solution.
>>EMERY: On a previous episode
of "Cosmic Disclosure,"
Randy Cramer talked about
a frog race of beings.
Are we speaking about
the same race of beings?
>>TIM: Yes, 100%.
So, well, that was actually one
of the most interesting moments
in "Cosmic Disclosure"
history to me
because I've been coming
from all these very difficult
projects.
And as many people
and viewers know,
that my motivation or
the initial moment for me
to come forward in
"Cosmic Disclosure"
was actually watching Randy
Cramer speak about many things
that I felt was very legit
and very valid information.
That also raised the
question inside of me
in order to get some answers
to some unsolved questions
that I still have for myself.
For example, we talked about
the so-called banana beings.
And he gave some
interesting answers to that.
So having him speak
about the Trogdaborians
was really, really
surprising to me
because I actually
had never, ever
heard about them in the
public discussion before.
So I was super surprised
at that moment.
And at that moment, I
knew that he was talking
about the Trogdaborians.
And after the show,
he actually came to me
and said that he had a
clearance to introduce me
to the Trogdaborians, which
was super interesting.
I didn't have time
at that evening.
But I would be much more open
to meet these beings after I
had the chance to integrate all
my previous experiences inside
of my own psyche in that way.
So yeah.
>>EMERY: Do you feel
an actual meeting
with the Trogdaborians
is in your future?
Or was that a missed opportunity
that you'll never have again?
>>TIM: This is the second
missed opportunity in my life
to meet them, actually.
But then, again, I'm
pretty much open to meet
any friendly species
and beings out there.
That's just my own
curiosity but also
my understanding of making
friends with life in that way.
So yeah.
>>EMERY: In all
the shift happily
now effort and as a
momentum picks up with that,
do you believe the
Trogdaborians have a role
in that shift of humankind?
>>TIM: I hope so much.
So all shift happily now--
and I'm really happy that
the community came
up with the all--
describes a moment where
we all as collective,
as aspects of the unity
of the unified field,
we all make a happy
shift for ourselves
and for everyone else.
So it doesn't exclude anyone.
It includes everyone.
So they must be part of it.
And I know that they are
pushing for a stable and more
integrated time to come.
And I'm pretty happy that those
species are actually out there.
And I can only ask everyone
to get into meditation
and to get in contact with
every benevolent species that's
out there.
>>EMERY: Tim, thank you so
much for being on the show.
It's always great having you.
>>TIM: Thank you for having me.
>>EMERY: I'm Emory Smith, and
this is "Cosmic Disclosure."
Until next time.
[THEME MUSIC]